create introduction page (#17)
atolye15/scss-starter: docs/getting-started/introduction.md

---
id: introduction
title: Introduction
---

SCSS Starter is a boilerplate with CSS-resets, standard [variables](core/variables.md), common [functions](core/functions.md) and [mixins](core/mixins.md) to kickstart CSS authoring. It also has built-in [utility](utilities/predefined-classes.md) and [grid](layout/grid.md) systems.

It's designed especially for higher productivity and code quality resulting in cleaner, maintainable and scalable code.

We have provided detailed documentation to help new users to get started. We are always open to any feedback and we'd be happy to answer any questions a user may have about SCSS Starter.

> ## Why It's awesome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why It's Awesome
```

We have been using SCSS starter kit internally for a while now and developing it based on the needs of projects that vary in size.

Because;

> - It has a solid base built on [normalize.css](http://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/) to fix cross-browser compatibility issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It has a solid base built upon [normalize.css](http://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/) to fix cross-browser compatibility issues.
```

- It has built-in utility and grid systems.
- It has well designed [architecture](getting-started/architecture.md).
- It has supportive mixins & functions.
- Every part of SCSS Starter can be customized based on your project's needs including variables, utilities, a grid system, etc.
- It is extremely easy to build responsive interfaces without extra effort. All utility classes and a grid system can be extended with responsive variants.

> - Because SCSS Starter doesn't have any styles other than basic things, it does not conflict with your own styles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-SCSS Starter doesn't conflict with your own styles, because it doesn't have any styles other than the basics.
```

- Utilities, mixins and functions can be extended if needed.

## Browser Support

> SCSS Starter supports the latest, stable releases of all major browsers and platforms. On Windows, we support Microsoft Edge. It does not use any tool for browser support. Using autoprefixer for browser support is up to you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SCSS Starter supports the latest, stable releases of all major browsers and platforms. On Windows, we support Microsoft Edge. SCSS Starter doesn't use any tool for browser support. It's the developer's choice to whether to use or not autoprefixer for browser support.
```

## Speeds up development

Wide range of tools are at your command when your project's start.

## Field Tested

SCSS Starter have been being used at many projects

## Faster to Learn

To help you improve your future-friendly website building skills, we've improved our documentation and created a community forum so you can learn more quickly.

## Easy to work with

We have provided detailed documentation as well as specific code examples to help new users get started. We are also always open to feedback and can answer any questions a user may have about SCSS Starter.

> Have a any question or bug report <https://github.com/atolye15/scss-starter/issues>

## Browser Support

SCSS Starter supports the latest, stable releases of all major browsers and platforms. On Windows, we support Microsoft Edge. It does not use any tool for browser support. Using autoprefixer for browser support is up to you.

## Quick Start

Looking to quickly add SCSS Starter to your project? Using a need to download the source files? You can [download](https://github.com/atolye15/scss-starter/releases) it directly.

> All you need is the `scss` folder, feel free to delete other files.

> ```css

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```scss
```
